Add first working for gcp (#142)
ml6team/fondant: README.md

### Deploying Fondant

Fondant is flexible and works by leveraging [kubeflow pipelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/v1/introduction/) on any kubernetes cluster. All fondant needs is an url pointing to the kubeflow pipeline host and a Object Storage provider (S3, GCS, etc) to store data produced in the pipeline between steps.

> We have compiled some references and created some scripts to [get you started](docs/infrastructure.md) with setting up the required infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have compiled some references and created some scripts to [get you started](https://fondant.readthedocs.io/en/latest/manifest/) with setting up the required infrastructure.
```

Author: I guess we still want to ref infrastructure and not manifest ?

Reviewer: Woops, yes :)

Author: I would expect it to work based on:
https://www.mkdocs.org/user-guide/writing-your-docs/#linking-to-pages

Unless I'm misunderstanding

Author: Just tested locally with `mkdocs serve` and just referencing the .md file works because mkdocs will convert it to the right url.

Reviewer: Ok, it didn't work on the test build on readthedocs.

Author: because I used `docs/infrastructure.md` but it should just be `infrastructure.md`

Author: well I did not think about that. I'll make the change
